add empty README (#1)
TAKAHASHIYUWAN/go-react-todoapp: README.md

- This todo app built with gin golang framework, react javascript framework and Docker. 

> - Now(2023/10/09), The application works only local environment.

Author: ```suggestion
- As of October 9, 2023, the application only works in a local environment. 
```
